hi guys I'm Honduran guests welcome to
Asia and town and today I'm going to
show you how to cook my mama's beef
short ribs and I've shared this recipe
long long time ago but the video is a
very very old method so I found why not
make a new video of the recipe my mom
used to cook this in Korea very often
whenever we have this family getting
together and everybody loves it
thanks mom bombs where this is brilliant
sweet and savory Korean style braised
short ribs recipe and let's get started
first things first we are going to make
a sauce it's super easy simple hands out
of soy sauce 1/4 cup of any kind of red
wine and quarter cup of honey honey
honey
a 1/2 teaspoon of black peppers and 10
cloves of garlic that I chopped is about
quarter cup and just makes so Hollywood
the Jordan mixed with other ingredients
and this is it how it is simple the
salsa was right all right a sauce is
done and we are going to cut up one red
onion you can use regular onion but my
mom really love to use red onion in this
dish so that's why I'm using red onion
taste wise is you will be saying but I
just color much I guess just slice about
1/2 inch thick and separate them with
your hand Sam Stein in a ball perfectly
are going to start to cooking the meat
this is the 3 pounds of it be sure to
race that I'm going to use today and I
something cold water for overnight but
this is totally up to you if you wanna
do that soaking process or the soaking
either only 1 hour or you can blanch the
ribs to get rid of
access Prahlada from the short trips and
then rinse it off and hold water all the
Little Pony beat their own the rich
because I didn't wanna eat their part
and this is a traditional way to prepare
beef short ribs in Korea if you don't
skip it you can skip it it's okay now my
vision trip sauce and the onion is ready
so let's start cooking hit a Dutch oven
while you're braising pot over high heat
and add tablespoon of oil we are going
to pan fry the ribs first before we
braise them both sides about two to
three minutes don't worry if it's not
perfectly golden brown
seared what we are really looking
forward by this step is a great flavor
by pin fry the ribs have excess oil as
you go after the last bet you wish you a
lot of fat on the bottom of the pan tap
all that out with a paper towel because
we do not want that much oil in our
researchers and all the paper I the beef
back into the pot then it's off and the
onion
spread the power with your wooden spoon
the really nicely browned bits into
sauce so from now we are going to simmer
the ribs over medium heat about 25
minutes with cover on and then reduce
the heat to low and simmer additional 20
minutes with cover on it start
occasionally today we could evenly I'm
going to garnish with some sesame seeds
and individual oxygen folder and if you
have this Korea and shredded red pepper
it is like we Portugal - it looks like a
threat red peppers it's really
impressive garnish
I'm just so lucky to be a god of my mom
just able to growing up eating this kind
of food is ridiculous
if you like a korean-style braised beef
short ribs give me thumbs up and
subscribe my channel for more
inspirations and idea of Asian home
cooking thank you so much for watching
me today and remember you can always use
Asian food and Charles making it easy
and fun I wasn't going guys and this is
Asian at home and I was you next time
bye